jaesi wonders like a superstore and this
is the icon air mata bio skull helmet
now very cool graphic package there's a
lot going on it's actually a throwback
to one of the previous graphics they've
had but as you can see it has sort of
this multicolored effect very very cool
now something else to note about the air
model first and foremost is the fit the
air model is the only helmet icons
lineup that uses in a long oval head
shape so it's got more room a little
extra relief front to back everything
else the other three helmets in the
lineup that's the airframe the Alliance
and the variant helmet those are all
intermediate oval so hermanos a little
bit special the outer shell here is made
from an injection molded polycarbonate
it's actually manufacturing four shell
sizes considering a price tag between
180 and 280 here that's pretty crazy
because there's helmets that are worth
twice or three times that much almost
that are only manufactured in two or
three homicides or shell sizes so very
very cool also what you're going to find
is a lot of vent systems here so on the
front underneath you can actually adjust
this vent here these are intakes you can
adjust underneath the chin bar and then
you've also got this one on top of the
chin which helps funnel air up this one
across the top of the brow and also this
big vent up top all of these are
adjustable this is the twin channel vent
this thing is huge now one thing that's
worth noting when they drill the holes
for these vents they don't drill them in
at 90 degrees so the air just passes
across they drill 45 degrees which helps
channel the air and so you're actually
getting better air flow than a standard
vent system on the backside this low
pressure system underneath the the
spoiler here that's gonna help pull it
out the back so you get lots of hot air
moving out the rear of the helmet on the
inside it's a it's a quick quick or
excuse me it's a moisture wicking system
this is the Hydra dry and what you're
going to find is that it's moisture
wicking so it pulls it out away from
your face and gets it out through the
vents it's also removable if you need to
wash it over time debrie enclosure
system on the bottom and then the shield
system is cool as well this thing's very
easy to use what I like about it is that
it uses the pro lock system so this very
big pin down here pops into place that's
extremely secure getting this thing on
and off in terms of changing it out is
very simple pop the tab and it comes
right out the tab locks back in place
and all you have to do is press it down
click in and you're off and running very
very simple you can find more
information about this helmet online
keep in mind that this particular model
the bio skull is going to come with the
clear shield and an extra reflective
shield on the box extra value check them
out online find the size that you need
and leave some comments on this video
I'd love to hear your thoughts cool
looking helmet it's the air mata from
Ikon